Hi, I want to present this master's degree in
project management and leadership
cultural
this is a very interesting master in
everything regarding the field of
culture since it is not aimed at a
only aspect of bone
of theater dance but to others
multiple aspects that can lead to
for example museums
in international projects
cultural cooperation and so on and so on and
it's called management and leadership of
cultural projects since we do
much emphasis on the techniques of
differentiation of the three main
roles that one must take into account to
the time to carry out a project
this is first the role of the leader the
leader is a has a particularity of
particularity as
it is said that you do not believe that the leader is
innate that is some characteristics without
However, there are some techniques that
allow you to delve and take out aspects of
leadership we may need in a
determined moment the leader is everything
one who
has a mission a long-term view
who knows where he has to go and take
the team behind and yet there are others
roles that are equally important
to take forward a project as they are
the manager a good manager who
supports ideas and
designs that the leader himself has already made
is able to carry out those put in
practice using all the
new technologies tools
remains
computer science and tics nowadays and
that we have all the tools here
at the university rey ​​juan carlos for
have practices on them
also this master since it uses all
the computer tools brings together all
a series of fields that are around
what is the management and through
the subjects and also using
also guided visits and workshops
directed to places where people who
they already have a great experience inside
of the field of cultural management can
expose their experiences and so
to incorporate
to the students who participate in this
master of all those points and
situations that have already happened to
other people and take advantage of things
good things that have happened and avoid the
mistakes that is what usually happens
when one is is initiating in these
aspects of cultural management
this makes this master have a lot
time of practice as well as of
visits outside and that you have done that
Many students from abroad participate
within this master since in some
occasions all teachers speak in
English and sometimes we have
to present either in English or in
French there are projects to the community
European economy and is also done
emphasis on knowledge at least of
these aspects of a specific language
what is necessary for
to carry out and have to take out
forward a good good cultural project
finally I want to exhort you all
those who consider culture
it is an important necessary good for the
development of the human being
come to our master since
We will provide you with
necessary tools so that
increase their capabilities if they are already
working in the world of culture in
the sense of the approach and the
tracing
of any cultural project as well
all those who in one way or another
consider that the cultural project is
something important and therefore even
can start a new project of
management and even a new activity in
his life that is going to be of course very
gratifying